[D1] Location Hints Update (#16556)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/d1/configuration/data-location.mdx

By default, D1 will automatically create your database in a location close to where you issued the request to create a database. In most cases this allows D1 to choose the optimal location for your database on your behalf.

> ## Provide location hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provide a location hint
```

It's singular - as an option to the API

> Location hints are optional parameters you can provide to indicate your desired geographical location for your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a location hint is an optional parameter you can provide to indicate your desired geographical location for your database.
```

> A location hint is an optional parameter you can provide to indicate your desired geographical location for your database.

Reviewer: Reads a bit weird... how about:
```suggestion
Location hint is an optional parameter you can provide to indicate your desired geographical location for your database.
```

> You may want to explicitly provide a location hint in cases where the majority of your writes to a specific database come from a different location than where you are creating the database from. location hints can be useful when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to explicitly provide a location hint in cases where the majority of your writes to a specific database come from a different location than where you are creating the database from. A location hint can be useful when:
```

- Working in a distributed team.
- Creating databases specific to users in specific locations.
- Using continuous deployment (CD) or Infrastructure as Code (IaC) systems to programmatically create your databases.

Provide a location hint when creating a D1 database when:

- Using [`wrangler d1`](/workers//wrangler/commands/#d1) to create a database.
- Creating a database [via the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/d1).

:::caution

> Location hint does not guarantee that D1 runs in your preferred location. Instead, it will run in the nearest possible location (by latency) to your preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing a location hint does not guarantee that D1 runs in your preferred location. Instead, it will run in the nearest possible location (by latency) to your preference.
```

> Providing a location hint does not guarantee that D1 runs in your preferred location. Instead, it will run in the nearest possible location (by latency) to your preference.

Reviewer: geographically I might be closer to City A, but by ping/latency I'm closer to City B

## Provide Location Hints

> Location Hints are optional parameters you can provide to indicate your desired the geographical location when interacting (creating, writing, and accessing) with your database.

Reviewer 2: super-nit, creating and writing is a subset of writing but fine if left as-is

> Location Hints are optional parameters you can provide to indicate your desired the geographical location when interacting (creating, writing, and accessing) with your database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Location Hints are optional parameters you can provide to indicate your desired geographical location for your database.
```

`when interacting` is odd framing

- Using [`wrangler d1`](/workers//wrangler/commands/#d1) to create a database.
- Creating a database [via the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/d1).

:::caution

> Location Hint does not guarantee that D1 will write in your preferred location. However, the write will occur in the nearest possible location (by latency) to your preference.

Reviewer 3: framing this as `will write, write will` is misleading

location hunt is where you D1 database runs

:::

> To provide a Location Hint when creating a new database, pass the `--location` flag with a valid Location Hint:

Reviewer 3: personally, I dont think `Location Hint` should be a pronoun/capitalized

| weur | Western Europe        |
| eeur | Eastern Europe        |
| apac | Asia-Pacific          |
| oc   | Oceania               |

:::caution

> D1 Location Hints are not available for the following regions:

Reviewer 2: Maybe slightly better is "not currently supported", but don't feel too strongly about this verbiage

Author: Are there plans to introduce it in future? Either way, happy to add it in if desired.

Reviewer 3: +1 not currently supported

I would inline `following regions: South America ...`
